Add hint not to use NFS (#3608)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: CHANGELOG.md

> - Added hint that NFS doesn't support SELinux labeling and shouldn't be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added hint that NFS does not support SELinux labeling and should not be used
```
